[docs] Focus platform-specific instructions (#17085)
web-platform-tests/wpt: docs/running-tests/from-local-system.md

The test environment requires [Python 2.7+](http://www.python.org/downloads)
(but not Python 3.x).

<section class="platform">

**Windows**

Generally Windows Subsystem for Linux will provide the smoothest user
experience for running web-platform-tests on Windows.

> Be sure to add the Python directory (`c:\python2x`, by default) to your

Reviewer: I think it's not obvious that the following section doesn't apply if you are running in WSL. Also with WSL 2, which is more like a built-in VM, I kind of wonder how easy it is to test the Windows binary from WSL. Has anoyone tried this. I *assume* part of the value proposition of WSL is that it should work, but verification seems useful.

Author: Hm, I don't know anything about that. I'll see what I can do about setting up a Windows 10 VM locally.

```

> To get the tests running, you need to set up the test domains in your

Reviewer: This isn't actually true now in the common case. You only need to do this if you are testing something other than Chrome, Firefox and Servo (and probably other Blink-based browsers would work with the same prefs set we use for Chrome).

Reviewer: Oh and it's necessary if you want to use something other than wptrunner e.g. just wpt serve. But there is a hppy path here where you don't need to set this up and we should mention that.

Author: The text could look something like this:

    If you expect to [use `wpt serve` directly](#via-the-browser) or test a
    browser other than Firefox or Chrome, then you'll need to set up the test
    domains in your [`hosts`
    file](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_%28file%29%23Location_in_the_file_system)."

That explanation for the "happy path" is potentially more distracting than just saying, "run this command," even given that it might be unnecessary. My clumsy wording could probably be improved, but readers will still have to skip ahead to learn about the differences of the two test execution methods. More fundamentally, they'll have to remember to revisit the instructions if they later decide to use different features.

Reviewer: This is true. Butnot having to alter your system config to run tests is an important usability win in the cases where it applies. For example exactly the same set of caveats apply when running from a gecko checkout. But because by far the most commin requirement is "run tests in gecko using wptrunner", almost no one has to reconfigure their system and the lack of documentation isn't a problem.

> [`hosts` file](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_%28file%29%23Location_in_the_file_system). The necessary content can be generated with `./wpt make-hosts-file`.

Reviewer: This change seems to be repeating the information below.

Author: You're right! Removed.

<section class="platform">

**GNU/Linux & macOS**

> On most UNIX-like systems, you can setup the hosts file with:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On most UNIX-like systems, you can set up the hosts file with:
```

Author: Good catch!
